# Hazard-Perception-Questionnaire
This repository contains the material for the bachelor's thesis of Hannah Gauditz, student of Universität Osnabrück, Germany. The thesis was submitted on August 18, 2022.

The work proposes a new experimental paradigm to investigate the effect of stroke on hazard perception. One method to assess hazard perception is a newly developed questionnaire which captures the hehavioural and emotional reaction in various hazardeous situations. The questionnaire (questionnaire.pdf), the raw data set (data-20-07-2022.csv) as well as the script for analysis and visualisation of the results (analysis.py) can be found in this repository.

### Abstract
Visuospatial navigation and hazard perception in post-stroke patients have been widely studied using virtual traffic environments. This paper proposes a new experimental paradigm to investigate hazard perception beyond traffic situations and towards a more general approach. The study consists of two parts: a questionnaire to capture the subjects’ perspective on their behaviour and emotional state in various hazardous situations and a laboratory experiment where the perception of a moving robot during goal-directed walking is assessed by behavioural and physiological methods. The purpose of this set-up is to create a near-daily life situation in which a small moving object interferes with the walking path of the subjects. The challenge for the participants is to recognise the potential hazard, to correctly judge the risk of a collision, and, if necessary, to adjust their own walking to avoid a crash. Both parts of the study include a group of post-stroke patients and a neurologically healthy control group to compare hazard perception ability and to infer potential impairments following a stroke. The results of the questionnaire revealed no significant differences of risk perception between the groups. Nevertheless, the stroke patients tended to show less risk appetite due to more cautious behaviour and higher timidness in potentially dangerous situations compared to healthy control subjects. Due to time reasons, it was not possible to collect data for the experimental part. However, a similar tendency as found in the survey results is presumed. Stroke patients are expected to show worse hazard perception skills, which will be assessed by eye-tracking, gait analysis, video recordings and heart rate measurement.
